Brent Zundel: Matthew if you're here for the ursa meeting I just found out it's been canceled.
Matthew Rappard: And yea and next in two weeks, then.
yeah.
Matthew Rappard: yeah what it, by the way, what is going on this week that's canceling everything.
Brent Zundel: and
Brent Zundel: there's so much stuff going on, I don't know what specifically is causing this particular meeting to cancel but I know there's a lot of identity, conferences and things happening.
Matthew Rappard: Okay, then so that just that the long and the short of it is is their their their Microsoft move something like all of the identity guys move stuff today, so I was just trying to figure out if there's something that i'm completely unaware of, but uh thanks so and I come back in two weeks.
yep.
Matthew Rappard: Perfect man have a good day.
Brent Zundel: Thank you.